The Heaven and Earth Alliance was established today
Covenant based on righteousness
Oath 36
Heaven and Earth Co-construction
This battle with the temples
Our Heaven and Earth Alliance won a big victory
The underground world can be selected
On the order of the Black Emperor
Seal Yang Xue as a soldier queen
Help me emperor left wing thank black emperor
Seal Shuting as the queen
Help my emperor and thank the black emperor
Zhao Xiaolong as the Black Armored Dragon King
Wang Xiaohu is the king of Tiezhao Mansion
Qian Xiaobao thanks Hei Wang for Money Overlord
So far, one emperor, two queens and three kings have all returned to their places
Reconstructing the Underground Order
All brothers and sisters
Keep the covenant
Siblings
Common picture
Barehanded Covenant
I still say that
If there is no conclusive evidence
I'm not going to touch my brother
But if there is conclusive evidence
Prove that Xiaolong is colluding with the Pantheon
I will never let him go
It's just that you are willing to let them go
They don't want to let you go
Xuanxia Dragon King doesn't know what adventure he has had
Cultivation base dazeng
It was one month ago.
His ancestors defeated Yang Xueying's cold-faced monster
Take the army under his command